<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> June-12-2012 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/June-12-2012?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit June-12-2012" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/June-12-2012"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Adobe Connect <a href="http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/" target="_top">http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/</a>
</li> <li> Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (<span class="twikiNewLink">ReadyTalk<a href="/bin/edit/Council/ReadyTalk?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="ReadyTalk (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>)
</li> <li> Access Code: 8403921
</li> <li> Date: Tuesday Month Day Year
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Acceptance of last months minutes from: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/May-8-2012" target="_top">May 8 Teleconference</a>
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Date of next meeting: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/July-10-2012" target="_top">July 10 Teleconference</a>  (Please send any agenda items you may have to <a href="mailto&#58;kmyles&#64;fnal&#46;gov">kmyles&#64;fnal.gov</a>)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li>  August face-to-face meeting is <strong>August 23rd</strong> in Chicago based on Doodle Poll <a href="http://www.doodle.com/iuw4ze2awvcfuz2y" target="_top">http://www.doodle.com/iuw4ze2awvcfuz2y</a>. 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Goal to have &lt;=30mins business and =&gt;30 mins discussion.
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Attending: Lothar Bauerdick, Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Rick Snider, Michael Ernst, Brad Abbott, Greg Bell, Vicky White, Steve Tuecke, Bill Barnett, Tom Hacker, Jim Shank, Chander Sehgal, Von Welch
</li> <li> Regrets:  Jerome Lauret, Bob Clare, Ken Bloom, Horst Severini
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> <strong>Agenda/Minutes</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="From_the_Council_Chair"></a> From the Council Chair </h3> <ul>
<li> Additional US ATLAS representative - Jim Shank 
</li> <li> Tevatron council representatives instead of separate CDF and D0  representatives - Brad, Rick <ul>
<li> Brad &amp; Rick talked to Management boards. Decision to have 1 rotating representative on council with an alternate. DZero (Brad)  first with CDF as alternate (Rick).
</li> <li> Council members on the call endorsed this change- a vote was not deemed necessary.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> ESNET representative to be introduced later (see below)
</li> <li> new VOs <ul>
<li> COUPP - Chicagoland Observatory for Underground Particle Physics, Dark Matter Experiment; small data/computing needs. Is a Fermilab VO which will likely run on <span class="twikiNewLink">FermiGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/FermiGrid?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="FermiGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and <span class="twikiNewLink">FermiCloud<a href="/bin/edit/Council/FermiCloud?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="FermiCloud (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and not elsewhere.
</li> <li>  VLAB - <a href="http://www.vlab.msi.umn.edu/" target="_top">Virtual Laboratory for Earth and Planetary Materials</a>. Approved in test mode ONLY. Will establish OSG gateway locally and adapt their 32-&gt;256 way applications to use it through Apache Airavata, from Marlon Pierce at IU to provide a client plug-in to Condor-G. Local application contact is Pedro da Silveira.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p> <ul>
<li> Charging model for Globus Online - Steve Tuecke      <a href="https://www.globusonline.org/premium-plans/" target="_top">Globus Transfer - EndPoint Provider Premium Plans</a> <ul>
<li> Goal to find out a long term sustainability model based on subscription.
</li> <li> Customer is a resource provider, facility or community- not targeting end-users yet (over time a set of premium offerings geared toward end-users will be made available)
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Status of iSGTW, Miriams last week - Paul, Ruth <ul>
<li> Proposal for iSGTW US editor to be located at IU submitted to NSF a few weeks ago. Waiting for the reviews. Any verbal or written support from members of the Council would of course be a help.
</li> <li> Board meeting held last week with draft minutes available [[https://indico.egi.eu/indico/getFile.py/access?resId=0&amp;materialId=minutes&amp;confId=1054][here]. The frequency of issues will be reduced during June and July because of the lack of editor effort available. The web hosting has moved to QMC in the UK from the US. Action for EGI to pursue approval for funding the costs of maintenance from the e-ScienceTalk budget from the EC.Will purchase domain names for e-science weekly and e-science magazine.
</li> <li> This week is Miriams last on the project. She is starting her <span class="twikiNewLink">PhD<a href="/bin/edit/Council/PhD?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="PhD (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> at Northwestern University next week. 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_PKI_Services"></a> OSG PKI Services </h3> <ul>
<li> Status - Von Welch <ul>
<li> Planning Phase has been completed and Development phase started. <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Operations/DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation/OSG-Planning-Phase-Report-3.pdf" target="_top">Draft Planning Phase report</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKIDevelopmentPhase" target="_top">Development Phase Tasks</a>
</li> <li> <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" target="_top">Weekly calls</a> continue.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> An initial version of the OSG PKI front-end is available for early internal testing. Please contact Von Welch if you are interested. <ul>
<li> I plan on sending out a re-invitation to VOs to participate in the transition process by trying the new front-end software. Will coordinate with Ruth and Lauren (ESnet).
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Contract with <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Council/DigiCert?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> has been executed by Indiana University on behalf of the OSG. <ul>
<li> POs with ATLAS (BNL) and CMS (FNAL) are in process.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> An ongoing issue with delay in signing host certificates is being investigated by OSG staff and <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Council/DigiCert?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Potential collaboration with XSEDE - Von <ul>
<li> Meeting last week (June 7-8) at NCSA. Notes pending.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="More_In_Depth_Discussion"></a> More In Depth Discussion </h3> <ul>
<li> Networking  <ul>
<li> Introduction and thoughts from the ESNET representative - Greg Bell <a href="http://www.es.net/" target="_top">ESNET website</a> and <a href="http://www.es.net/about/esnet-staff/Tools-Team/gregory-bell-3/" target="_top">More about Greg Bell</a> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Report from the OSG Project - Lothar <ul>
<li> Discussion within Executive team re: how to set up a networking area. 
</li> <li> Recruited Shawn <a href="/bin/view/Council/McKee" class="twikiLink">McKee</a> of the University of Michigan to bring his expertise in to organize OSG efforts and respond and engage in these initiatives.
</li> <li> Internally- get a more concrete understanding of how a work plan would look like- Greg Bell invited to help define in this area.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_Satellites"></a> OSG Satellites </h3> <ul>
<li> DASPOS proposal - Michael Ernst <ul>
<li> Mike Hildreth from CMS at the University of Notre Dame leading the effort.
</li> <li> Proposal includes Notre Dame, UNL, <span class="twikiNewLink">UofC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/UofC?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="UofC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, University of Washington 
</li> <li> Active participation from computer scientists and digital librarians.
</li> <li> Very good support and connections to the DPHEP community.
</li> <li> Proposal submitted last Friday, June 8. 
</li> <li> Initial attempt to develop and specify architecture for creating high energy physics data. Research combination of two activities (Horizontal coordination) Data Configuration and Technical Construction (archival infrastructure).End result would be a small scale full system   for a particular archiving solution.
</li> <li> Funding sought is a few 100 manpower months (mostly students)
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Virtual_Organization_Reports_to"></a> Virtual Organization Reports to the Council </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> July - <span class="twikiNewLink">SuperB<a href="/bin/edit/Council/SuperB?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="SuperB (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Steffen Luitz
</li> <li> Sept - <span class="twikiNewLink">GlueX<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GlueX?topicparent=Council.June-12-2012" rel="nofollow" title="GlueX (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Richard Jones
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3> <ul>
<li> None.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="Action_Items"></a> Action Items: </h4>
    1. Describe the Vlab use case (“using our technology for their own benefit”) – it could be of benefit in multiple situations. <Ruth to work with Chander, Dan and Lothar on this>
<p />
    2. Get a report on how many users are interested in Globus online. Do a survey in the next few months to see what communities are testing Globus online that are using OSG services. How many different VO’s are working with Globus online at this point? (work out a financial model in terms of how OSG would deal with this?) <Ruth to research>.
<p />
    3. Set up a meeting or workshop to talk about networking in a month or so. Need to determine who to drive from OSG. <Lothar>
<p />
<p />
<p />
<form method="post" action="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/save/Council/June-12-2012" enctype="multipart/form-data" name="tableappend0" id="tableappend0">
<p />
<div class="commentPlugin commentPluginPromptBox">
<table><tr valign="middle"><td><textarea  rows="3" cols="70" name="comment" wrap="soft" onfocus="if(this.value=='')this.value=''" onblur="if(this.value=='')this.value=''"></textarea></td><td><input  type="submit" value="Add comment" /></td></tr></table>
</div><!--/commentPlugin-->
<p />
<input type="hidden" name="comment_action" value="save"  />
<input type="hidden" name="comment_type" value="tableappend"  />
<input type="hidden" name="comment_index" value="0"  /></form>
<p />
<p /></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>June-12-2012</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r15 - 13 Jun 2012 - 16:27:40 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KimberlyMyles" class="twikiLink">KimberlyMyles</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />